About the Authors
=================

**Matthew E. P. Davies** is a researcher in the Centre for Informatics and Systems of 
the University of Coimbra (CISUC). His research interests include the analysis of rhythm 
in musical audio signals, evaluation methodology, creative music applications, and 
reproducible research. He has published over 70 refereed conference and journal 
articles, with over 2300 citations and an h-index of 27. His most recent research has 
addressed compact deep neural networks for the analysis of rhythmic structure, and 
computational ethnomusicology. From 2014-2019, Matthew coordinated the SMC group at 
INESC TEC, and was an Invited Assistant Professor in the University of Porto. 

<a href="https://mepdavies.github.io" target="_blank">website</a>

**Sebastian Böck** received his diploma degree in electrical engineering from the 
Technical University in Munich in 2010 and his Ph.D. in computer science from the 
Johannes Kepler University Linz in 2016. Within the MIR community he is probably best 
known for his machine learning-based algorithms, which pushed the performance of 
automatic beat tracking and other tasks into regions formerly only achievable by humans. 
Currently he works as an AI research engineer for enliteAI in Vienna, Austria.

<a href="https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=u--KNeYAAAAJ" target="_blank">website</a>

**Magdalena Fuentes** is a Provost's Postdoctoral Fellow at the Music and Audio Research 
Lab and the Center for Urban Science and Progress of New York University NYU working 
with Juan Pablo Bello. She did her Ph.D. at Université Paris Saclay on multi-scale 
computational rhythm analysis, with focus on the interaction of microtiming, beats, 
downbeats and music structure. Before that, she obtained a B.Eng. in Electrical 
Engineering at Universidad de la República, Uruguay, where she also worked as a research 
and teaching assistant at the Engineering School and the Music School. Her research 
interests include Machine Listening,  Self-Supervised Representation Learning, 
Computational Rhythm Analysis and Environmental Sound Analysis. Magdalena is part of the 
IEEE Audio and Acoustic Signal Processing Technical Committee and has been involved in 
the organisation of ISMIR, DCASE and computational rhythm workshops, and she has 
participated as a mentor in WiMIR and multiple programs at NYU. 

<a href="https://magdalenafuentes.github.io" target="_blank">website</a>

